- [Instructor] In this lesson,
we'll discuss the concept of workflows,
which define a strategy for managing the flow of code
between branches in your git repositories.
Workflows define a consistent strategy
used by teams to commit, merge, and promote their work
into a central repository.
They dictate how branches are set up
and how merges occur to them.
Teams that adhere to a structured workflow
are able to promote changes from developers' workstations
to the repository and ultimately the production system
in a predictable and less error-prone manner.
Workflows often combine various branching strategies
to provide teams with the flexibility
to deal with situations that may arise.
Things such as hot fixes and new feature requests
become simple with the defined workflow.
By structuring how code is delivered,
workflows benefit teams by providing choke points
that allow them to perform quality assurance
and the ability to protect the integrity
of critical branches.
In the upcoming lessons, we're going to talk
about two specific types of workflows.